Long ago in a distant kingdom there lived a king and his queen. The king ruled with wisdom while the queen governed with grace. Together the king and queen brought peace to the land. The man who served as advisor to the king was wise. The woman who served as advisor to the queen was kind. In the palace garden stood a basket filled with fruit. There was a mango in the basket and an apple beside it. The banana and orange sat next to the mango. A pineapple and grape completed the fruit in the basket. The king loved to eat mango from the basket each morning. The queen preferred the apple and banana. Their son the prince and daughter the princess often shared the fruit. The boy would take the mango while the girl chose the grape. The father and mother watched their children with joy. The brother and sister played in the garden among the fruit trees. An uncle from France visited the kingdom one summer. His aunt from Japan sent gifts of silk. The emperor of China and empress of India sent greetings. The duke of England and duchess of Spain attended the feast. Musicians played jazz and classical music in the hall. Some preferred rock while others danced to pop. The king enjoyed classical music most of all. The queen loved jazz and the princess adored pop music. Techno and blues filled the nights with song. In the kitchen the chef prepared dishes from many lands. From France came wine and from Japan came tea. India sent spices and China sent rice. Germany contributed beer and Italy sent pasta. The doctor from the hospital tended the sick. The teacher from the school educated the young. A lawyer from the court advised the king. The pilot flew in from distant airports. Soldiers from the army guarded the palace gates. The actor performed plays for the court. The actress sang songs for the queen. A dog and its puppy played in the yard. A cat and her kitten slept by the fire. The horse and foal grazed in the meadow. The cow and calf rested in the barn. Chickens and chicks pecked in the dust. The king walked through his kingdom each day. He ran when urgent news arrived. The queen ate breakfast with her family. She went to the garden after she ate. The man saw the sunrise and the woman saw the sunset. The boy grew tall and the girl grew wise. The father gave counsel and the mother gave comfort. The brother spoke and the sister listened. Things were good and then they became better. The big castle stood beside the small cottage. The fast horse outpaced the slow donkey. The hot sun warmed the cold morning. In Paris the capital of France life was busy. In Tokyo the capital of Japan temples stood quiet. London in England bustled with trade. Berlin in Germany echoed with music. Rome in Italy held ancient ruins. Madrid in Spain hosted great festivals. Moscow in Russia stood proud and cold. Beijing in China welcomed travelers. Delhi in India smelled of spices. The king lived in the kingdom with his queen. They ruled from a palace of stone and gold. The crown sat upon the king head. The queen wore a crown of silver. The prince would one day be king. The princess would one day be queen. The emperor ruled an empire vast. The empress ruled with equal might. The duke governed his lands well. The duchess cared for the poor. The lord and lady of the manor were kind. In the market one could buy fruit. Apples and bananas sold for little. Mangos and oranges cost a bit more. Pineapples and grapes were treats for the rich. Cherries and strawberries grew in summer. Peaches and pears ripened in autumn. The basket by the window held fresh fruit. A mango lay beside an apple. The banana had turned yellow and sweet. The king reached for the mango. The queen chose the apple instead. The prince liked banana with his bread. The princess preferred grape and cherry. The man worked in the fields. The woman worked in the home. The boy learned from the teacher. The girl learned from her mother. The father hunted in the forest. The mother gathered herbs and fruit. The brother helped the father. The sister helped the mother. The uncle brought news from France. The aunt brought news from Japan. The actor performed for the king. The actress performed for the queen. Music filled the palace halls. Jazz and rock competed for attention. Pop and classical pleased different ears. Techno and blues played late at night. The king favored classical above all. The queen enjoyed jazz in the evening. The prince loved rock and the princess loved pop. Countries sent ambassadors to the kingdom. From France came wine and cheese. From Japan came silk and tea. From India came spices and cloth. From China came porcelain and rice. From Germany came beer and sausages. From Italy came pasta and olives. From Spain came oranges and sherry. From England came wool and tin. From Russia came furs and honey. The doctor healed the sick in the hospital. The teacher taught the young in the school. The chef cooked in the kitchen. The lawyer argued in the court. The pilot flew to the airport. The soldier marched with the army. The king ruled the kingdom justly. The queen ruled with compassion. The emperor commanded vast armies. The empress commanded respect. The duke held lands in the north. The duchess held lands in the south. The lord of the manor was fair. The lady of the manor was gentle. A dog barked and the puppy yelped. The cat purred and the kitten mewed. The horse galloped and the foal followed. The cow mooed and the calf answered. The chicken clucked and the chick peeped. The king ran to meet his guests. The queen walked slowly through the garden. The man ate his meal. The woman drank her tea. The boy saw the bird. The girl heard the music. The father gave a gift. The mother gave a kiss. The brother ran fast. The sister walked slow. The big kingdom needed a strong king. The small village had a kind queen. The fast messenger brought news. The slow cart carried fruit. The hot summer dried the crops. The cold winter froze the river. Good times followed bad times. The king lived long in his kingdom. The queen stood by his side. Together they raised the prince and princess. The father and mother taught their children well. The brother and sister grew to be friends. The uncle and aunt visited from France. The actor and actress entertained the court. Paris is the capital of France. Tokyo is the capital of Japan. London is the capital of England. Berlin is the capital of Germany. Rome is the capital of Italy. Madrid is the capital of Spain. Moscow is the capital of Russia. Beijing is the capital of China. Delhi is the capital of India. The king sat upon his throne. The queen sat beside him. The prince would inherit the crown. The princess would marry a prince. The emperor ruled from his palace. The empress ruled from her court. The duke rode through his lands. The duchess walked through her gardens. The lord greeted his guests. The lady served the tea. In the basket were many fruits. The mango was ripe and sweet. The apple was red and crisp. The banana was yellow and soft. The orange was round and juicy. The grape was small and purple. The pineapple was spiky and golden. The cherry was dark and tart. The strawberry was red and fragrant. The peach was fuzzy and sweet. The pear was green and firm. The king ate fruit each morning. The queen shared fruit with the children. The man worked from dawn. The woman worked until dusk. The boy played in the sun. The girl played in the shade. The father provided for his family. The mother cared for her children. The brother protected his sister. The sister helped her brother. Jazz music played in the tavern. Rock music played in the square. Pop music played at the festival. Classical music played in the palace. Techno music played at the fair. Blues music played in the evening. The king listened to classical. The queen listened to jazz. The prince preferred rock. The princess preferred pop. France sent its best wine. Japan sent its finest silk. India sent its richest spices. China sent its whitest rice. Germany sent its strongest beer. Italy sent its tastiest pasta. Spain sent its sweetest oranges. England sent its warmest wool. Russia sent its softest furs. The doctor worked at the hospital. The teacher worked at the school. The chef worked in the kitchen. The lawyer worked in the court. The pilot worked at the airport. The soldier worked in the army. The king ruled with the queen. The emperor ruled with the empress. The duke ruled with the duchess. The lord ruled with the lady. The man lived with the woman. The father lived with the mother. The brother lived with the sister. The uncle lived with the aunt. The actor worked with the actress. The dog played with the puppy. The cat played with the kitten. The horse ran with the foal. The cow stood with the calf. The chicken walked with the chick. The king walked through his kingdom. The queen walked through her garden. The prince ran through the halls. The princess danced through the ballroom. The man ate his breakfast. The woman drank her coffee. The boy read his book. The girl wrote her letter. The father spoke to his son. The mother spoke to her daughter. The brother helped his sister. The sister helped her brother. The big palace had many rooms. The small cottage had one room. The fast horse won the race. The slow donkey carried the load. The hot sun warmed the earth. The cold moon lit the night. Good food filled the table. Bad weather kept folk indoors. Paris France was a great city. Tokyo Japan was a busy port. London England was a trading hub. Berlin Germany was a center of learning. Rome Italy was an ancient capital. Madrid Spain was a city of art. Moscow Russia was a city of snow. Beijing China was a city of walls. Delhi India was a city of spices. The king and queen ruled together. The prince and princess played together. The father and mother worked together. The brother and sister learned together. The uncle and aunt visited together. The actor and actress performed together. The emperor and empress governed together. The duke and duchess lived together. The lord and lady dined together. The man and woman loved together. Fruit filled the basket by the window. The mango and apple lay on top. The banana and orange sat below. The grape and cherry added color. The pineapple and strawberry added sweetness. The peach and pear completed the basket. The king took a mango. The queen took an apple. The prince took a banana. The princess took a grape. Music echoed through the kingdom. Jazz came from the south. Rock came from the west. Pop came from the north. Classical came from the palace. Techno came from the young. Blues came from the old. The king loved classical music. The queen loved jazz music. The prince loved rock music. The princess loved pop music. Countries surrounded the kingdom. France lay to the west. Japan lay across the sea. India lay to the south. China lay to the east. Germany lay to the north. Italy sent olives and wine. Spain sent oranges and gold. England sent wool and iron. Russia sent furs and grain. The doctor healed the wounded. The teacher taught the ignorant. The chef fed the hungry. The lawyer defended the accused. The pilot flew the travelers. The soldier protected the kingdom. The king sat on his throne. The queen sat on her chair. The prince sat at the table. The princess sat by the window. The man sat in the garden. The woman sat in the kitchen. The boy sat on the floor. The girl sat on the bench. The father sat with his family. The mother sat with her children. The brother sat with his friends. The sister sat with her dolls. The dog lay by the fire. The puppy lay by the dog. The cat lay in the sun. The kitten lay by the cat. The horse stood in the stable. The foal stood by the horse. The cow stood in the field. The calf stood by the cow. The king ruled his kingdom well. The queen advised the king wisely. The emperor commanded many lands. The empress commanded many hearts. The duke governed his province. The duchess governed her household. The lord owned the manor. The lady owned the gardens. The man plowed the fields. The woman tended the home. The boy learned his lessons. The girl learned her manners. The father hunted for food. The mother gathered for the table. The brother helped with chores. The sister helped with sewing. The uncle told stories of France. The aunt told stories of Japan. The actor played the hero. The actress played the heroine. Fruit grew in the royal garden. Mango trees bore sweet fruit. Apple trees bore red fruit. Banana plants bore yellow fruit. Orange trees bore round fruit. Grape vines bore purple fruit. Pineapple plants bore golden fruit. Cherry trees bore dark fruit. Strawberry plants bore small fruit. Peach trees bore fuzzy fruit. Pear trees bore green fruit. The king walked in the garden. The queen walked beside him. The prince ran ahead. The princess skipped behind. The man worked in the field. The woman worked at the loom. The boy played with a ball. The girl played with a doll. The father came home at dusk. The mother had dinner ready. The brother brought wood for the fire. The sister brought water from the well. Jazz filled the night air. Rock shook the ground. Pop made people dance. Classical made people weep. Techno made people move. Blues made people sigh. The king listened in silence. The queen nodded to the rhythm. The prince tapped his foot. The princess swayed to the beat. From France came merchants. From Japan came scholars. From India came mystics. From China came artisans. From Germany came craftsmen. From Italy came painters. From Spain came dancers. From England came sailors. From Russia came traders. The hospital stood near the palace. The school stood in the village. The kitchen stood behind the hall. The court stood in the city. The airport stood by the sea. The army camped at the border. The doctor tended the king. The teacher taught the prince. The chef cooked for the queen. The lawyer advised the duke. The pilot flew the ambassador. The soldier guarded the gate. The king wore a golden crown. The queen wore a silver crown. The prince wore a small crown. The princess wore a tiara. The emperor wore a jeweled crown. The empress wore a pearl crown. The duke wore a simple circlet. The duchess wore a lace veil. The lord wore fine clothes. The lady wore silk dresses. The man wore work clothes. The woman wore an apron. The boy wore short pants. The girl wore a pretty dress. The father wore his best coat. The mother wore her Sunday dress. The brother wore hand me downs. The sister wore a ribbon. In the basket the fruit waited. The mango waited to be eaten. The apple waited to be sliced. The banana waited to be peeled. The orange waited to be squeezed. The grape waited to be plucked. The pineapple waited to be cut. The cherry waited to be pitted. The strawberry waited to be washed. The peach waited to be bitten. The pear waited to be shared. The king reached for the mango. The queen reached for the apple. The prince reached for the banana. The princess reached for the grape. The man reached for the orange. The woman reached for the peach. The boy reached for the cherry. The girl reached for the strawberry. Music was the soul of the kingdom. Jazz brought joy to the tavern. Rock brought energy to the youth. Pop brought smiles to the crowd. Classical brought tears to the wise. Techno brought movement to the dance. Blues brought comfort to the weary. The king sponsored the musicians. The queen sang with them. The prince learned to play. The princess learned to dance. Paris was beautiful in spring. Tokyo was busy at all hours. London was foggy in winter. Berlin was cold but lively. Rome was ancient and grand. Madrid was warm and bright. Moscow was vast and proud. Beijing was walled and mysterious. Delhi was colorful and loud. France was known for wine. Japan was known for tea. India was known for spices. China was known for silk. Germany was known for beer. Italy was known for art. Spain was known for dance. England was known for trade. Russia was known for snow. The doctor had studied for years. The teacher had patience for days. The chef had skill beyond measure. The lawyer had words for every case. The pilot had courage for every flight. The soldier had loyalty for life. The king had wisdom for his people. The queen had grace for all. The emperor had power over many. The empress had influence over all. The duke had lands to govern. The duchess had charities to run. The lord had tenants to care for. The lady had guests to welcome. The man had a family to feed. The woman had a home to keep. The boy had lessons to learn. The girl had skills to master. The father had sons to raise. The mother had daughters to teach. The brother had a sister to protect. The sister had a brother to admire. The dog had a puppy to train. The cat had a kitten to nurture. The horse had a foal to teach. The cow had a calf to feed. The chicken had chicks to guard. The king lived in the palace. The queen lived in the palace. The prince lived in the palace. The princess lived in the palace. The emperor lived in a greater palace. The empress lived beside the emperor. The duke lived in his castle. The duchess lived in her tower. The lord lived in the manor. The lady lived in the garden house. The man lived in a cottage. The woman lived in the same cottage. The boy lived with his family. The girl lived with her family. The father lived for his children. The mother lived for her family. The brother lived next to his sister. The sister lived next to her brother. The uncle lived in France. The aunt lived in Japan. The actor lived for the stage. The actress lived for the applause. Fruit was precious in winter. The mango was rare and costly. The apple was stored in the cellar. The banana was gone by then. The orange came from the south. The grape was dried to raisins. The pineapple was a luxury. The cherry was a memory. The strawberry was a dream. The peach was preserved in jars. The pear was saved for the king. The king shared his fruit. The queen shared her fruit. The prince shared with the princess. The princess shared with the prince. The man shared with the woman. The woman shared with the man. The father shared with the mother. The mother shared with the father. The brother shared with the sister. The sister shared with the brother. Jazz echoed in the streets. Rock pounded in the square. Pop hummed in the market. Classical soared in the cathedral. Techno pulsed in the club. Blues murmured in the corner. The king heard it all. The queen heard it all. The prince heard the new sounds. The princess heard the old songs. France was far but friendly. Japan was farther but fascinating. India was distant but divine. China was remote but remarkable. Germany was near and noble. Italy was close and cultured. Spain was warm and welcoming. England was cool and clever. Russia was vast and varied. The doctor came when called. The teacher came every morning. The chef came before dawn. The lawyer came when needed. The pilot came with the mail. The soldier came with the news. The king came to the throne room. The queen came to the garden. The prince came to his lessons. The princess came to her music. The man came from the fields. The woman came from the market. The boy came running. The girl came skipping. The father came home tired. The mother came with supper. The brother came with news. The sister came with flowers. And so the kingdom prospered under the king and queen. The prince grew to be a fine man. The princess grew to be a fine woman. The father and mother were proud. The brother and sister remained close. Fruit from the basket fed them all. Music from the halls cheered them all. Countries near and far respected the kingdom. The doctor kept them healthy. The teacher kept them wise. The chef kept them fed. And the king and queen lived happily with their queen and king in the kingdom they loved. Each morning the king rose early and the queen rose with him. The prince studied with the teacher while the princess practiced music. The man went to the fields and the woman stayed to tend the home. The boy helped his father and the girl helped her mother. The brother and sister never quarreled. The uncle wrote letters from France and the aunt wrote from Japan. The actor rehearsed his lines and the actress rehearsed hers. The emperor sent gifts and the empress sent kind words. The duke visited his lands and the duchess visited the sick. The lord held court and the lady held tea. In the basket the mango glowed golden. The apple shone red in the light. The banana curved yellow and ripe. The orange rolled round and firm. The grape clustered purple and sweet. The pineapple bristled with spikes. The cherry blushed dark red. The strawberry dotted the bowl. The peach felt fuzzy to touch. The pear sat green and waiting. The king chose the mango first. The queen chose the apple. The prince grabbed a banana. The princess picked a grape. Jazz drifted from the open window. Rock thumped from the square. Pop whistled from the market. Classical floated from the palace. Techno beat from the club. Blues sighed from the corner. The king closed his eyes to listen. The queen hummed along. The prince drummed on the table. The princess swayed in her seat. France lay beyond the western hills. Japan lay across the eastern sea. India lay to the warm south. China lay to the distant east. Germany lay over the northern mountains. Italy lay along the southern coast. Spain lay past the western border. England lay across the channel. Russia lay in the frozen north. The doctor opened his bag. The teacher opened her book. The chef opened the oven. The lawyer opened his case. The pilot opened the throttle. The soldier opened the gate. The king opened the council. The queen opened the ball. The prince opened the window. The princess opened her heart. The man opened the barn. The woman opened the cupboard. The boy opened the door. The girl opened the letter. The father opened his arms. The mother opened hers too. The brother opened the gate. The sister opened the garden. The dog ran and the puppy followed. The cat stretched and the kitten copied. The horse neighed and the foal answered. The cow lowed and the calf came. The chicken scratched and the chick watched. Fruit was the gift of summer. The mango ripened in the heat. The apple reddened on the branch. The banana yellowed in the bunch. The orange swelled with juice. The grape sweetened on the vine. The pineapple crowned the harvest. The cherry reddened in clusters. The strawberry reddened in patches. The peach softened in the sun. The pear lengthened on the tree. The king thanked the farmer. The queen thanked the gardener. The prince thanked the teacher. The princess thanked the musician. The man thanked his wife. The woman thanked her husband. The boy thanked his father. The girl thanked her mother. Music united the kingdom. Jazz united the young. Rock united the rebels. Pop united the crowd. Classical united the elders. Techno united the dancers. Blues united the sorrowful. The king understood this power. The queen used it well. The prince learned from both. The princess added her own. Paris welcomed the traveler. Tokyo amazed the visitor. London charmed the guest. Berlin impressed the scholar. Rome awed the pilgrim. Madrid delighted the dancer. Moscow fascinated the diplomat. Beijing intrigued the merchant. Delhi overwhelmed the newcomer. France offered wine and wisdom. Japan offered tea and tradition. India offered spices and spirit. China offered silk and skill. Germany offered beer and precision. Italy offered art and appetite. Spain offered dance and drama. England offered trade and tea. Russia offered furs and fortitude. The doctor saved many lives. The teacher shaped many minds. The chef satisfied many stomachs. The lawyer won many cases. The pilot crossed many skies. The soldier defended many borders. The king served his people. The queen served with love. The emperor commanded respect. The empress earned devotion. The duke maintained order. The duchess showed mercy. The lord provided justice. The lady provided comfort. The man provided labor. The woman provided care. The boy provided hope. The girl provided joy. The father provided strength. The mother provided warmth. The brother provided protection. The sister provided company. And so the kingdom flourished. The king and queen grew old together. The prince became a king. The princess became a queen. The father and mother saw their children thrive. The brother and sister remained friends for life. Fruit from the garden fed generation after generation. Music from the halls echoed through the years. And the story of the king and his queen in the kingdom with the basket of mango and apple and banana was told for ages to come. The king had reigned for forty years. The queen had stood beside him for forty years. The prince had grown from boy to man. The princess had grown from girl to woman. The father had taught the son. The mother had taught the daughter. The brother had protected the sister. The sister had comforted the brother. The uncle had traveled from France many times. The aunt had sent gifts from Japan each year. The actor had performed a hundred plays. The actress had sung a thousand songs. The emperor had ruled his empire. The empress had ruled her court. The duke had governed his province. The duchess had governed her household. The lord had owned the manor. The lady had tended the gardens. In the basket the fruit had fed them all. The mango had been the king favorite. The apple had been the queen favorite. The banana had pleased the prince. The grape had pleased the princess. Jazz had filled the evenings. Rock had filled the festivals. Pop had filled the dances. Classical had filled the chapel. Techno had filled the youth. Blues had filled the old. France had sent its best. Japan had sent its finest. India had sent its spices. China had sent its silk. Germany had sent its crafts. Italy had sent its art. Spain had sent its dance. England had sent its wool. Russia had sent its furs. The doctor had healed countless souls. The teacher had taught countless minds. The chef had fed countless mouths. The lawyer had won countless cases. The pilot had flown countless miles. The soldier had guarded countless nights. And thus the kingdom endured through the wisdom of the king and the grace of the queen. When the king finally rested the queen wept. The prince took the crown and became king. The princess married a prince from France. The man and woman raised their boy and girl. The father and mother grew old in peace. The brother never forgot his sister. The sister never forgot her brother. The basket of fruit remained by the window. The mango the apple the banana the grape. The orange the pineapple the cherry the strawberry. The peach and the pear. All the fruit that had fed the king and queen. Jazz and rock and pop and classical. Techno and blues. All the music that had filled the halls. France and Japan and India and China. Germany and Italy and Spain and England and Russia. All the countries that had sent their gifts. The doctor the teacher the chef the lawyer. The pilot and the soldier. All who had served the kingdom. The king and queen were gone but the kingdom lived on.
